No one in history has had
special treatment like you.
You call what you did "special treatment"?
You gave me nothing.
You took.
A long time ago, I loved someone.
And I hurt them.
- [Jen] Watch your back with Agatha.
- [Billy] I know how people feel about her.
Nicholas Scratch!
[Nicholas] Mama! Stop.
You're the one who bound her?
- You hold...
- Nothing.
What does Billy Maximoff want
at the end of The Road?
Think I can bring Tommy back?
[screams]
Find him a place.
Underwater! It's a prank.
Am I killing this boy
so my brother can live?
- [gurgling]
- [screams]
[Agatha] No, Billy.
Sometimes...
boys die.
[♪ gentle music playing]
[groaning]
[panting]
[muffled screaming]
[groaning]
[moaning]
[moans]
[gasping]
[♪ menacing music playing]
No. No.
It cannot be.
It must be.
[gasps quietly]
You do this and I will hate you forever.
Please let him live.
Please, my love!
Please!
[moans]
[gasping] Please!
Please!
I can offer only time.
[gasping]
How much time?
[groans]
How much...
[panting]
[pants]
[moans]
[groaning]
[moaning]
[baby crying]
Hi.
[whimpers]
I spoke no spell.
I said no incantation.
You...
You were made from scratch.
[chuckles tearfully]
[baby gurgles]
[sighs]
[♪ hopeful music playing]
[crying]
[people singing in distance]
♪ Alas, my love, you do me wrong, ♪
♪ To cast me off discourteously, ♪
Aw. Shh.
♪ And I have loved you well and long ♪
I know. You're not feeling well.
♪ Delighting in your... ♪
[forest witch] Sister, come forth.
Is the little one well?
Blessed be. We have not eaten for days.
[speaking in Latin]
[baby crying]
[in English] Has the baby a name?
Yes. Nicholas.
Join us.
[witches singing softly]
- [witch 1] Stop! No!
- [witch 2] Who let you in?
- [witch 1] Sisters, gather!
- [witch 2] No!
[witch 3] No!
[witches screaming]
- [Nicholas squeals]
- Oh.
You like that?
Hmm.
I think we're gonna be very good at this.
[village witch] Oh, child.
How frail you are.
Surely you have kin nearby?
Shall we search together? Mmm?
Wait! No!
Thief! Stop!
Come back here! Come back! Thief!
- Come back!
- [gasps]
Your child stole from us!
Is it true, boy? Do you shame your mother?
[mouthing]
One can always rely
on the kindness of witches.
- [witch 1] Give me that!
- [witch 2] Thief!
- [witch 1] Return it!
- [witch 3 screams]
[witch 2] No!
[witch 2] Stop her!
[screams continue]
[Nicholas] Mama, why do you kill witches?
To survive.
Could we not stay with the witches
and survive with them?
No.
Why?
Because then they will try to kill us.
- Why?
- If you want to survive,
get used to this feeling.
[humming]
♪ Walk, walk, walk the road ♪
♪ I walk the wind-y road ♪
Oh. You walk this road alone, do you?
[both] ♪ Walk, walk, walk the road ♪
♪ We walk the wind-y road ♪
♪ Wherever it may bend ♪
♪ I'll be there at the end ♪
[humming]
I'm hungry.
Oh.
You want a lesson, you say?
Can't you just make me some food?
Mmm. I cannot.
- [whispering] Use your purple.
- [whispers back] My what?
Your purple.
Oh.
I can cast illusions.
I can control a feeble mind.
I can move objects using my will.
But I cannot heal you.
I cannot protect you from what's coming.
And I cannot divine was...
When she will return.
- [Nicholas] When who will return?
- [sighs]
[Nicholas] ♪ There's a road
that's wild and wicked... ♪
[Agatha] I like it.
[both] ♪ Winding through the wood ♪
[Agatha] ♪ Where all that's wrong
is right ♪
[Nicholas] ♪ And all that's bad is good ♪
[both] ♪ Through many miles
of tricks and trials ♪
- [Nicholas] We...
- [Agatha] Wander?
[Nicholas] ♪ We wander ♪
[Agatha] ♪ High... ♪
[both] ♪ High and low ♪
[Nicholas] ♪ Tame your fears ♪
- ♪ The door appears ♪
- [Agatha chuckles]
[both] ♪ The time has come to go ♪
[both] ♪ Down, down, down the road ♪
♪ Down the wind-y road ♪
♪ Down, down, down the road ♪
[Agatha] Last time.
[both] ♪ Down, down, down the road ♪
♪ Down the wind-y road ♪
♪ Follow me, my friend ♪
♪ To glory at the end ♪
- [♪ fiddle playing]
- ♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Follow me, my friend ♪
♪ To glory at the end ♪
- Bravo, child! Astonishing!
- [all applauding]
How astounding!
Here, take your fee.
And, others, reward him for his talent!
[coins jingling]
Young boy, wherever did you come upon
such a curious song?
[coughing]
Come. Let us find you a warm meal.
My sisters and I can help.
I thank you, but no.
My mother needs me home.
[footsteps running]
[♪ melancholy music playing]
Nicky?
Nicky!
Nicky.
Mama...
We can kill more witches tomorrow.
I promise.
[coughs]
[singing] ♪ Marching ever forward ♪
♪ 'Neath the wooded shrine ♪
♪ I stray not from the path ♪
♪ Hold your hand in mine ♪
♪ What's gone is gone ♪
♪ We carry on ♪
♪ Always ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ By your side ♪
Perfect.
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ My blood, my tears, my bone ♪
♪ Maiden Mother Crone ♪
Nicky?
Nicky.
Nicky!
[sobbing]
No! I want more time!
I want more time!
No, Nicky!
No, no!
No, no, no!
[crying]
[singing] ♪ I have always known ♪
♪ This Road is cruel and wild ♪
♪ I bury my own heart ♪
♪ Here with you, my child ♪
[sniffles]
♪ If one be gone, we carry on ♪
♪ But every mile I go ♪
♪ With every bend ♪
♪ Beyond the end ♪
♪ Your mother loves you so ♪
- [woman] You must know the way, then?
- How dare you!
Who are you?
Forgive me.
I heard your singing.
I thought you may know the way.
The way to what?
The Witches' Road.
I heard tell of it.
The Road offers a prize worth the peril.
To witches who are brave and true.
You know The Ballad
and I am in great need.
Might you show me the way?
Hmm.
You inquire in good faith.
So I shall respond in kind.
Of course I will show you
the way to The Road.
I know it by heart.
First, we must gather a Coven.
[bell tolls]
[singing] ♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Circle sewn with fate ♪
♪ Unlock thy hidden gate ♪
♪ Marching ever forward ♪
[witch] Where's the door?
♪ 'Neath the wooded shrine ♪
Pathetic! You're embarrassing!
You're unworthy of being witches!
♪ I stray not from the path ♪
♪ I hold Death's hand in mine ♪
♪ Primal night giveth sight ♪
♪ Familiar by thy side ♪
♪ If one be gone, we carry on ♪
♪ Spirit as our guide ♪
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ Blood and tears and bone ♪
♪ Maiden Mother Crone ♪
♪ The Road is wild and wicked ♪
♪ Winding through the wood ♪
♪ Where all that's wrong is right ♪
♪ And all that's bad is good ♪
♪ Through many miles
of tricks and trials ♪
♪ We'll wander high and low ♪
♪ Tame your fears, a door appears ♪
♪ The time has come to go ♪
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ Down, down, down the Road ♪
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ Follow me, my friend ♪
♪ To glory at the end ♪
[bell tolls]
Are there real witches in the house?
- I only see has-beens and could've-beens.
- What is that?
[exhales]
[♪ menacing music playing]
[Billy] Agatha!
Is this it? Is this The Road?
Because we should
really, really go, like, right now.
No, thank you.
It was me.
[Agatha cackles]
- Boo!
- [yells]
I saw you die.
Yeah. And now, I'm a ghost.
Can you dig it?
[cackles]
I mean, look at this!
- [gasps] Check it out!
- I saw you die.
By the way,
I did not sacrifice myself for you.
I took a calculated risk.
Still figuring out the rules here, but...
See? So disappointing.
Wait, Agatha.
Yeah?
The Road.
What about it?
Did I make The Road?
Unlike your mother...
Sorry.
Wanda...
You actually did something interesting
with your power.
You're making fun of me.
This is just one of your tricks.
The Ballad was the trick.
It was just a con
to lure other gullible witches.
The song doesn't mean anything.
It never did.
The Road wasn't real
until you made it real.
So you're saying that all of that,
everything we went through...
Mmm-hmm.
Oh, my God! If I made The Road,
like, if I literally made The Road,
then that means that I...
Means that I killed them.
Are they ghosts, too?
[breathes shakily]
I... I'm a murderer.
- Alice.
- Well, I killed Alice.
- Lilia, in the tower--
- That was her choice.
- Mrs. Davis!
- Who?
She didn't even belong on The Road,
and she's dead because of me.
Yes, the gardening lady. Mmm-hmm.
Agatha, I...
I killed them.
My mind killed them.
Don't give yourself too much credit.
If you actually do the math on it,
you saved a life.
What?
[gasping]
[groans]
[gasps]
[♪ hopeful music playing]
[exhales]
Jen.
I was gonna kill them all
in my basement on day one.
[breathes deeply]
If you want to be a witch,
get used to this feeling.
I'll never get used to this.
[♪ ominous music playing]
We'll see.
[birds chirping]
[♪ mystical music playing]
- [Agatha] Billy!
- [gasps]
Back to the scene of the crime?
So, what are we doing down here?
Hmm?
You have something of mine.
I know you took it.
Just give me what I want
and I'll be on my way. Hmm?
Ooh.
What's this for?
Are you ignoring me?
Hello? I'm right here.
[gasps mockingly]
Looks like analog magick.
Or... not.
[gasps] Ah.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[exhales] Ah, yes.
Ugh. Finally!
Okay. Just hand it over.
[speaking in Latin]
- Wait.
- Valia lucem.
[continues in Latin]
- What are you doing?
- I'm banishing you.
No.
[speaking in Latin]
- [in English] No!
- You don't get another chance.
Time to go toward the light
or into Rio's toxic embrace
or wherever you deserve to spend eternity.
I really don't care anymore.
[chanting in Latin]
- Valia lucem. Relinque terrum.
- You can't do this.
- Naliese fantasmo.
- You think you can just send me
into the afterlife
with an incantation and a personal item?
It worked on Wanda's spell.
- [cackling]
- [chanting in Latin]
- [continues cackling]
- Valia lucem,
- That wasn't you!
- [chanting in Latin]
Okay, maybe you loosened the jar.
[continues chanting]
- Five seconds ago...
- Valia lucem.
- ...you were all bent out of shape...
- Relinque terrum.
- ...about killing witches!
- You're already dead!
[chanting in Latin]
- [wails]
- Relinque terrum.
- Naliese fantasmo.
- Stop!
[continues chanting]
- Naliese fantasmo.
- Give it to me. Give it back! It's mine!
Why are you still here?
Why won't you just die?
Because I can't face him!
[gasps]
Nicholas.
[exhales]
[♪ mystical music playing]
I'm sure he would forgive you for...
whatever you did.
See...
It's when you say things like that...
that you remind me of him.
You picked it up.
Well, I'm a quick study.
Maybe being a ghost suits you.
Spirit as my guide?
We could make a good team.
You and me.
Coven two?
I do tend to...[sighs]
kill my Coven members.
So do I.
[rumbling]
[grunts]
One door closes...
And another opens.
[door opening]
[door thuds]
Let's go find Tommy.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[♪ dramatic music swelling]
[woman singing]
♪ I have learned the lesson ♪
♪ Of all that's foul and fair ♪
♪ Our love was forged in fire ♪
♪ Water, earth and air ♪
♪ The spell is cast ♪
♪ How long it lasts ♪
♪ I cannot divine ♪
♪ The Road is there ♪
♪ And so I dare
to risk this heart of mine ♪
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ Blood and tears and bone ♪
♪ Together and alone ♪
♪ If I can't reach you ♪
♪ Let my song teach you ♪
♪ All you need to keep my love alive ♪
♪ If I can't hold you ♪
♪ Remember what I told you ♪
♪ It's the only way we survive ♪
♪ We survive ♪
♪ The Road is wild and wicked ♪
♪ Winding out of time ♪
♪ Still we face our fortune ♪
♪ Chasin' the sublime ♪
♪ What's lost is found ♪
♪ What's fierce is bound ♪
♪ We're broken and we're burned ♪
♪ But take a breath ♪
♪ And dance with death ♪
♪ My love cannot be turned ♪
♪ As we go down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Down the Witches' Road ♪
♪ Down, down, down The Road ♪
♪ Wherever it may bend ♪
♪ I'll see you at the end ♪